In this video we will learn to make mechanical assembly light follower robot.
I leave on video link where we learned to ride the circuit,
And here's another link where we learned to see how it worked
electronically circuit.
If you have not seen, it is better to see these videos before.
The first thing to do is to separate assembly with sensitivity
photo of the two resistors.
If I leave and when I get light by the photo resist on the right side,
the photo resist on the left side you will reach to notice.
Then it will not work.
Touch design a system that separates.
That is the light that comes on the one hand Alance not see the other and vice versa.
That is what we catch a role,
I enrrollamos,
we get the photo resist,
we put the photo resist in the funky paper,
the sealed with tape
and make a diagonal cut.
We installed this way on the circuit.
So the light will come on the one hand,
but the other side can not enter.
If they can be painted black here it is much better.
We do it for the two photo resistors.
This optimization is already done for both sensors.
Inside are the photo resistors.
Now we will install the engines. Cut out a piece of cardboard
that more or less the width
the pROTOBOARD
and in this, with a piece of tape,
amarro moto reducers on either side.
Tape engine
and tape for the second motor.
Enough so that they are fixed.
Then I take a rubber band, put engines
PROTOBOARD below,
not placed far behind that or else the car never aa lift.
Best one-third.
Later we will place here the weight of a battery
9V. That will allow us
the carriage lift. Lame elastic band,
I bent double,
the step by the first motor
and stretched to pass over the other engine.
Then I flip
and I've been to the bottom.
And engines are installed.
Remember that when connecting van crossed. this engine
goes with this circuit
and this with this one.
Now I connect the wheels to the geared motor
At the time of buying the gear bike is good buy tires,
to engage once easily.
If I want to remain fixed I placed a silicone point
to keep them fixed.
Finally we need to install the nine-volt battery.
Put it in the back to counterbalance, we raised bands,
and install.
In the market sold a connector for this type of battery, I do not have,
so I'll connect
with some alligators.
Connect the positive
and connect the negative.
the robot to start working and is ready.
Remember to give it a "like" the video.
If you have not subscribed to the channel, do it Subo video every Wednesday.